Ladies and gentlemen, Harmontown is now in session.
Welcome to the NerdMelt Theater.
How are you all tonight?
Thank you, loyal harmonians for coming.
Thank you for listening out there in the podcast to ether.
Please put your hands together for the mayor of Harmontown,
Dan Harmon.wn.
Thank you.
I got nothing tonight.
I got nothing to talk about.
See me after the show.
You may have your $10 back.
I'm looking at my phone because I said to people,
what do you want me to talk about?
Got any questions?
Hashtag Harmontown.
You guys did good.
Thank you.
Good audience.
I don't want you to mistake my low energy tonight for lack of love
because I edit the Harmontown podcast.
We took a little break.
I edited two in a row over at Puny Studios with Dustin Marshall.
I missed you guys.
You're a good audience.
You're good people.
Shut up.
I got nothing tonight.
I have no passion.
I have no topics.
I'm not sad.
I don't have anything to be sad about.
I have a lot of money.
I have so much food that I have extra food stored in my body.
I have extra beds in my house.
So I'm the opposite of homeless.
I have nothing to complain about.
Why are you so sedate?
It's just bio rhythms.
I've been really negative the last few days.
I've been really cranky and in a bad mood all the time.
For no reason. Everything's great.
You gave my girlfriend a dressing down at the drawing room.
I was pleasant about it.
It seemed from her reaction that you were pretty mean.
She has a high value on your opinion.
That's wrong. I told her how I felt.
I didn't beat her up about it.
You said how you felt was her behavior in the last show
where she called on her cell phone.
You said that was the last straw.
Like you have a last straw.
No, the words was the limit of my endurance.
I'm not cliche.
She's not here tonight because she killed herself.
You'll be happy to know.
She's doing a show or something.
She could have killed herself.
Maybe you would have apologized.
He called you in the middle of the show.
Adam Goldberg wanders up here.
This show has no format.
There's nothing to protect.
It's not a diamond mine.
It's a tree house full of empty popcorn bags.
I'm Tori Amos all of a sudden.
It's a turtle racing a grapefruit.
I thought I favored some of the questions.
I'm sorry for the live people.
They're looking at a guy looking at his phone.
It's like sending a signal to you
that I'm not interested in what you're saying.
I am. I'm looking at my phone.
This is a new jacket you're wearing tonight, Dan.
You kind of have an Alan Alda mash field jacket.
We've got a break in the weather.
I know what I did wrong.
I pressed the at Dan Harmon button,
which is my favorite button.
What I have to do is search for Harmontown.
Then I should see some of these doodads.
I don't know. Did I fuck it up somehow?
Welcome to Hollywood, California, everybody.
The entertainment capital of the world.
Here's an example.
Dopamine, at Dopamine, says,
if you were born 200 years ago,
what would you do for a living?
That's a really good question.
That's just an example of a great question.
If I had some passion tonight,
I would have an amazing answer for that.
I think that would be very intriguing.
You were born in the year 1870.
What are you, two? 73?
I guess, yeah.
Okay, so 1873.
Let's make it 1820.
No, 1830. You're 17 years old.
What are you doing in 1830?
Obviously, I would be a writer.
I'm a timeless genius.
I'd love to be able to say,
I'd be an elephant trainer
because the World's Fair would be coming up,
and Mr. Edison would need a new elephant.
No, no, I'd transcend.
I'm like a time lord.
My talent is, if I was born in the year 3000 BC,
I'd invent writing.
I'm a god.
What do you think you would write about
if you were in the year 3000 BC?
Whatever got me about a nice piece of cave.
Remember in ABC's Caveman,
they used to say stuff like that.
They used to cave like the Smurfs you'd Smurfy.
Yeah, they were looking at a female cavewoman
that was working at Pinkberry,
and Nick Krull's character was looking at her butt
and said, I'd like to carve me off a nice piece of that cave.
What?
First of all, that doesn't make any sense.
Second of all, to the extent that I forced my brain
to make it make sense, gross,
because caves are holes,
and then I start to think of vaginas,
and now I'm thinking of carving off vaginas,
and you made me do that, Geico.
Anyways, here's another great one.
Is there a plan to take Harmontown on tour anytime soon?
I'm going to have to say yes, yes.
I thought that would get a bigger response,
but then I realized you guys are...
Why would you...
You don't care?
Hey, you're leaving!
Get the hell out of here!
It's the applause from a little iPhone that I'm hearing
from the people in New York and Chicago and things.
Yeah, I think in January,
we're having preliminary conversations about this,
I think what I'm going to do, because I'm turning 40,
maybe get 50 people or so to show up in little cities
across the country, so I think in January,
we'll take a little bus and we'll go around
and we'll do this to people in different cities.
And I want to record it.
Take some Channel 101 kids with us.
They're not kids anymore, they're 48 years old.
But take them with us, do some nice recordings
in the little black boxes and cabarets
throughout the country.
And then come home with hundreds of hours of footage
and then just throw it on some other Channel 101 kid
and go, edit this.
And I'll just sit at home snorting coke off of a piranha.
That's the only way I get high anymore.
Yeah.
Speaking of addictions, I think this might be part of
why I'm all like, I got nothing tonight.
I'm addicted to five-hour energies.
I call them 5HEs now.
It barely takes less time to say.
It's basically the same amount of energy,
but I'm obsessed with energy, I gotta say.
It's fucking up my throat.
I got bad acid reflux.
I'm taking like Zantac on top of Prilosec
to counteract the effects of these five-hour energies
and I'm taking one or two a day.
I mean, if you need 10 hours of energy,
that's another way of saying, just take a nap.
10 hours of energy is your deficit,
then just take the day off and go to sleep.
10 hours of energy, that's not good, Jeff.
I've been addicted to worse things,
but this is making barf on my throat.
Yeah.
Those things taste like poop, too.
It doesn't taste good.
Tastes like energy, you know?
I don't think they want it to taste too good
because then you wouldn't believe that it was giving you energy,
which I don't think it is.
To be quite honest, I've never felt energized by those things.
I think it's a bunch of things.
Well, I accidentally took two on top of each other once.
For God, I took one and I think an hour into one,
I took another and there is something in them
because there is such a thing as too much.
I remember right before I took the second one,
I picked a fight with Erin
and then she heard a totally justified response
about what a piece of shit I was that night.
It was like coming back on me socially
as I was starting to freak out.
I was laying in the bed that I made with my girlfriend
and also going like, baby, please, please, come on.
Come on, take it easy.
I took two five-hour energy.
I can't handle this.
Yeah, but what did you mean before?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It was pretty weird.
It was like the scene in the fifth element
when the guy is choking on the strawberry or whatever the fuck.
Yes, this is Rob Schrab clapping.
Rob Schrab is in the house, is that right?
Hello, Rob.
Let's see.
Man, I really thought...
I sat in the green room and I favorited things
that I wanted to respond to,
but I guess you guys did such a good job of tweeting stuff at me
that I...
Are you playing Sparkle right now?
Eric Mesquivel says,
I know you're a Joe Campbell guy.
Who else influences your writing?
Are you a McKee fan?
Goldman?
No, I don't know.
I don't know why I favorited that,
if that's all I was going to say.
I don't know what I was thinking.
Not really a question, but if you ever find your way to Colorado,
let me buy you a drink.
Okay.
It's no problem.
Maybe this is hurting things,
me holding this phone and scrolling through the things.
Maybe I need to cut myself loose.
It's not Circus Hill Layout.
I'll tell you that much.
Right.
I mean, I don't know if it's going to be
because I put the phone down,
but I don't think that...
I don't know if the phone's helping.
Are you preoccupied?
Are you just one of those weird kind of...
Well, I'm mad at you for being mean to my girlfriend.
I wasn't mean to her.
You were there when it happened.
It was very brief.
I said it very succinctly.
I didn't hear what you said, but...
Exactly.
It took a couple seconds,
and I just told her she was bumming me the fuck out.
Well, I mean...
But, yeah.
I mean, you told her that she...
I'm curious to know...
Did a bad thing to the show,
and that the audience didn't like what she was doing.
That's not what I said.
I really wanted to know what the...
I would love to have heard the journalism
that she reported to you.
I didn't know that you guys were going...
I didn't know.
We were at the drawing room,
and I told Erin,
and I was like, ugh.
I gave her a little couple of minutes,
get some shit off my chest,
and then I didn't know that right after that
you guys were going to go have a romantic dinner together,
which I apparently must have poisoned
by having a conversation,
so I'm sorry for that.
Wow.
No.
It was fascinating.
So there's that.
There's that putting a ding in my energy.
I'm not going to blame you for anything, though.
Let's blame Erin.
I'm not going to blame anybody for anything.
Let's blame everything on NT.
How are you, NT?
NT, what's it like?
Come on.
You know we all want to know
to be a student.
Oh, you're not a student.
Okay.
Is NT literally the only black...
No, no, okay.
All right.
My search lines went,
bang.
I was scared about it.
Sometimes NT is literally the only
African-American Armenian here.
What's that like?
That's what I'm really curious about,
although I know words.
The words don't matter.
It's not like anything.
It's like, I think I have five black friends, maybe,
and I think if you got them all in a room together,
I think the one thing they would all agree on
is that they're pretty sick and tired
of being reminded by me that they're black.
And probably a microcosm for white America.
They probably wish that they could get through a day
and just forget about it.
That's a luxury that white people have.
When's the last time you stopped
in the middle of the sidewalk?
I'm like, oh, shit, I'm white.
It probably had something to do
with a black person being involved.
You didn't just do it in a vacuum.
It's not a homogenous society yet.
It's not happening.
There's black people out there.
They're in pain.
The next time you see one, don't give them money.
That's not what they want.
That's racist.
Don't give them five.
Even more racist.
Give them a hug.
What if the five was really high?
I don't know, because if it's high enough,
then the next one's got to be way down low.
And then you were at the risk of being too slow.
By the time you finish with that one thing,
you're the most racist person in the world.
Let's talk about race.
Finally.
What's your favorite race?
That's a good question.
By that I mean, which is more fascinating to you?
Black people or Asian people?
Who's more fascinating?
Easily black people.
Black people hands down.
Favorite race to think about.
What race would I want to be?
No offense to our Asian friends.
You're doing fine.
Billions of you.
America was literally built on this practice
that we then were the first country to say,
okay, now this is illegal.
It's just a fascinating, the national psyche,
the social implications,
the swirling meta like racism within non-racism,
within racism within non-racism,
what the definition of it is.
There's no better way to examine it
than with white people and black people.
No offense to our beautiful beige friends.
But fuck you.
It's Bush League stuff.
Who cares?
White and black is where it's at.
When it comes to race obsession.
How racist would 1830s writer Dan Harmon have been?
You gotta be kidding me.
That was kind of a sweet spot for American racism.
It's an uncomfortable thing to think about.
Think about the world.
I was thinking about this just recently,
and I can't remember why.
Somebody was getting kind of high-handed
in some conversation,
and I didn't want to be like a David Cross character
and kind of call him out on it and have a big argument.
I was talking to somebody,
and they said something that made me realize
that they very much take it for granted the fact
that as a nation, we were very, very wrong
for a very long time,
and that we haven't changed that much.
It's only been a certain amount of time,
and that we all kind of inherit this world.
We act like, oh, those aren't my sins.
Some of us are kind of nasty about it.
I didn't have slaves, so excuse me.
You're making quite a bit of noise in the popcorn line,
and it's not my fault.
You know what?
I saw that movie that you guys made,
and if a white person made that movie, it would not be fair.
You'd get all mad about it.
I think that there's a naivete there,
because really, as recently as the 1930s,
there was this whole thing in Europe
that was really on a hand.
I know none of us were there,
but I also know that it wasn't an entire generation of monsters.
They weren't like vampires from a cereal box that all decided.
It's like humanity has it in it to be very cruel, very evil,
and if the person to the left of you
and the person to the right of you is doing something wrong,
we have the capacity in us to not look at it as wrong.
The reason that's important isn't to make ourselves feel guilty
or to pat ourselves on the back for knowing it.
The reason why it's important to know that is relativity
so that you can actually extrapolate from that and go,
okay, so what's going on right now that everyone accepts
is completely right that 100 years from now
might be absolutely fucking ridiculously wrong.
There could be a million things, like that ghost hanging there.
What's that?
Maybe that's offensive, I don't know.
I think we'll certainly look back on not letting gay people get married.
We'll look at that and go, come on.
Yeah, we're doing that with the gay people now.
We're finally giving them some props,
saying sorry about that.
By the way, last show I talked about that gay and lesbian thing,
and I know why I know about that gay and lesbian shelter in Los Angeles.
A guy tweeted me in the wake of this big brouhaha,
there was a small brouhaha, it was like three in the morning,
it was between me and three gay guys,
because my brother tweeted, God, I love my daughter,
and I tweeted at my brother, fag.
Because it's funny, I thought it was funny,
I'm not defending it as funny,
it was a spur of the moment thing,
my brother tweeted, I love my daughter,
and I raised in the 70s, my big brother,
I'm from Wisconsin, without thinking,
without remembering that I'm the Colonel Sanders of NBC sitcom.
I just kind of lost myself.
We're on Twitter, I'm not representing anybody,
I'm just like fag.
And then three guys who happen to be awake,
we're like, one guy said,
you call your brother a fag for loving his daughter?
What kind of monster are you?
I was like, well, that guy's just explaining the joke.
I'm not apologizing to that guy,
you just don't, that's funny, that's ironic, it's funny.
But then other people were like,
you know that word is really hurtful,
kind of like bringing me back down to earth,
and it's really true, like, do you know,
when I was eight years old, nine years old, ten years old,
N.T., I'm so glad you're here so you can forgive me for this.
Just like, we're gonna give N.T. a black people wand,
and he's gonna touch me with it after this.
Maybe he won't.
I don't know.
Well, let's just be clear, at one point,
he represents all black people.
That seems fair.
When I was a kid, N.T.,
when we would play like tag, flashlight tag,
kick the can, whatever, when somebody had to be it,
and the kids would gather in a circle,
and we would go,
I got caught in a new sexy minie, Mow,
and it wasn't Catch a Tiger by the toe.
It wasn't Tiger.
Aw?
Catch a Chevy by the toe.
About half the time it was Catch a Tiger,
and about the other half of the time,
this is the late 70s early 80s,
in the middle of the Midwest in someone's back yard,
and there were, you know,
was playing or not. I can't remember if it was related to that. But it's like, I didn't
even know. I never pictured anything. It was just like a word. I'm bringing that up because
also as late as my late 20s, early 30s. No, fuck that. I was editing community with Stephen
Sprung, my very gay editor for a community. I didn't know he was gay. I didn't bother.
I wasn't processing that. I kept going. I had this habit. I would go. I would see an
edit. I didn't like it. I'd go, that's fucking gay. Fix that. I just saw it like, gay. Just
meaning dumb, retarded, stupid, bad. Then it was weeks before. This is just gay, right?
I wonder if, I wish, I wish. She's just retarded. I wish she was gay. If she wasn't so retarded,
maybe there's a way we could put her on some dates and make her gay so that I could also
use her as an out for everything. She'd be like, my sister could be a Swiss army knife.
But I was out of line. I'm a writer, so it's like the idea of people telling you that something's
not funny or something's off limits or you have to censor yourself. That's the more important
enemy all the time. Because then you're in the den of what evil. You have to guard against
those people. Those are the real people that, I'm still convinced of that, but at the same
time, maybe this is just getting older. Maybe you just get old and then you get bored and
then you start getting sensitive or something. I don't know what my point is. I don't say
fag or gay anymore. I was just saying, maybe there's a new thing. What do we say now? Awesome.
Are there any awesome people in the audience? I don't know. Is gay people the last frontier?
Is there anything left? Are we going to be homogenized after this? Are we going to be
star trek? I think it's a human impulse to marginalize certain people to point out differences.
I think we're fascinated by, we're all insecure. We all have our own kind of needy hang-ups.
We have a desire to point out anybody that's different. Even the best among us, I think.
People worry the slippery slope argument is, okay, so we're all going to get along and
then the next thing will be tall people, redheads, people with freckles.
Well, I think the big one, I think that humanity has a better chance of overcoming racism before
sexism. I think that men are going to hate women longer than they'll hate other races.
I think sexism is maybe the most pervasive and the most ingrained.
What was the order again, didn't it?
Right, ladies? Come on. I can't remember my history now from 8th grade. Black men could
vote in America before women, right? It was first, it was like, okay, these people are
human beings for God's sakes. Let's give them a say in who's president. Yeah, I agree. Shut
up, Tracy. Get back in the kitchen. I love you. That is kind of amazing. It's noteworthy.
Women's hatred of women is just palpable and so justifiable. No. See, it's not funny. It's
not even funny to say it. It sounds so real. Women walk down the street. They have to deal
with that all the time. They feel like that's something that nobody, the shit that I hear
from women, you want to reject it. Come on. It's not that bad, is it? You ever hear women
talk about when they walk down the sidewalk by themselves and somebody drives the car
by and they say something about the window. They make a noise or a face or something.
You want it to not be true. Come on. Life isn't a cartoon, but I've heard it enough from enough
different sources. First three women that told me that, I was like, fuck you, you're lying.
But now I realize they were heroes. I should write them a letter. No, it sounds like men
are pretty frightening. They are frightening. Sorry. If only there was an N.T. of women
here that could somehow, but no. You mean a black woman? No. What's an N.T. of women?
Why? I was making the joke. Who's here to represent the women in the audience? Because
it's a bunch of women is the answer. Adam Goldberg, ladies and gentlemen. Adam Goldberg
starts the stage. How's it going? Hi, Adam Goldberg. Those ladies can't live with them.
Gotta live with the fear of never living with them. Am I right? Yeah. Let's hear it for
Adam Goldberg, everybody. Thank you, Adam. Thank you. He's still here. That was called
an outro. Man, you're treating me like Aaron up here. I think it's amazing for Jeff to
come out and say, you know, women are just unfairly hated. Your girlfriend's bad at D&D.
I know I've only played it three times, but she's played it twice and she's not good at
it. I'm not making Aaron the N.T. of women. I just don't like the thing that she did
that last night. The irony is that the thing that she does that upsets you is calling you
gay. So we've got into the spiral in cat's asshole of prejudice about prejudice. We need
the prejudice about fantasy prejudice. This is interesting. It's literally fantastic racism.
I just want to absolve the show of this aura of, you know, it's hard to be me and to feel
for other people who have different circumstances because, you know, it's hard to, because I
don't want to believe it, but I guess I do. I'm a heroine savior. This is my fucking
face, Dan Harmon. That clearly worked in this side of the room, but it's too mean of me.
What else is going on? I don't know. I made a YouTube video that might be big. I'm not
going to mention it because it's not about promotion, but, you know, I had a job in the
city that's good. Promotion would be tacky and crass. We want to maintain a baseline of integrity here.
I'm the product and I'm unsellable. God, I'm his heroine so much right now.
What about race, Adam? What do you think about race?
I think there are plenty of them and there's just going to be more.
Wait, wait, wait. What do you know that I don't know? They're making new races?
Have you been to Pinkberry lately? I haven't, no. They'll swirl the flavors for you.
Pinkberry's making new races? Pinkberry's making new races.
They've got a green tea chocolate chip. Green tea chocolate chip Filipino, yeah.
But wait, Adam, not just to be the devil's advocate, because I got nothing else to talk
about. Don't work for the devil, but go on.
But isn't there going to be less races as we go on?
That's true, that's another take on it. But it's been highly theorized that humanity
will eventually get to the point where once you can get all your brain data backed up,
you can have whatever body you like. You can have octopus slippers.
Well, that's for sure. Yeah, 10 years from now, you're going to...
Transhumanism. The end of racism won't end until we're not related to the body we're
born in. That's going to be the end of everything.
That's got to be 15 years from now. You're going to be able to buy the equivalent of
a video game, and you're going to get to just go into your office and close the door and
type in some variables, and you could be a female dog getting fucked by an octopus.
And then just experience what that's like, and then end the program and never tell anybody
about it.
So how is that going to... Then what's marriage? What's the priest supposed to say then?
I now pronounce you two people who are kind of points of departure. You may kiss whatever
and whoever.
I now pronounce you iny and outy. Society will collapse when we can fuck whoever we
want whenever we want. Jeff, you know that the future of our society is being the octopus
or being the dog. That's going to be the Democrats and the Republican.
You're preaching to the choir, baby.
I think we need to answer a few more questions. We being you, this is Harmontown.
Adam, we got an election coming up, Adam. I don't know if you're aware of this.
Oh boy.
We got a big election coming up. It's right around the corner. Who do you like?
This is a good one because... I campaigned for John Edwards in 2007, back before the
whole...
He's not going to get it.
Oh, he's not going to get it.
Well, usually you campaign for him. That's a long shot.
He cheated on a woman with cancer, which is one of the life sublime glories. It's the
VR experience of the future, as you get to be the kind of person who's down with... So
I was up in New Hampshire. The thought ends itself. You're a participant in that.
And God, the fact that I had to pay my own train ticket up to New Hampshire, got to rank
on some doors and the thing about New Hampshire, everyone seems to own a dog there. I don't
know.
That's my experience. That person agrees, but... And as a person of the Jewish persuasion...
I'm sorry, we don't need to interrupt.
Jewish people are horrified of dogs.
We're listening.
That's fine. I know you have to drink to to get through this. So Jewish people, terrified
of dogs. Everyone in New Hampshire owns a dog. You can see that this is... I was like,
oh, knock, knock. Oh, God, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
Steal yourself out of them. Political activism is its own reward. Every single house.
This has become like a Star Search audition video. That might as well be a hairbrush in
your hands.
Oh, God.
But the point of my story...
So, Romney, you're saying.
Oh, of course. Whichever one is against dog ownership. Freedom for... If you love your
dog, you will let it free. There's nothing... You're not helping it. You're not... That's
digging a hole, but I'll gladly dig it. All right. Dig it. Okay, just bring up Steve
if he's here.
Not yet. Adam Goldberg, everybody. Let's say goodnight to him and let's keep going with
this momentum. Hey, BJ, you want to come up here? It was BJ. BJ's the guy that I armwrestled
that one night. You're not as eager as Adam, but I thought I'd pull you up. I like this
idea that we have a family starting to grow.
Dan, do we owe it to our podcast listeners to describe it? In penetrating detail, exactly.
BJ, stand up. Would you please so I can get a good look at you? BJ, for those of you don't
know him, he won the Great Race, the Amazing Race. What was it called? Amazing Race? Yeah.
He won a million clams for a race. He's got a beard. He has a... What is that? Salmon?
Coral? What's that scarf? What do you call that? Is that kind of a coral? Kind of a coral
scarf. It's a silk scarf. He's got a red flannel plaid robe on, and then he's got a mixed
matched black and white kind of plaid trousers, like pajamas. He's in pajamas. He's in pajamas.
He's pouring vodka into a Coke can right now. He's wearing seafoam crux. Seafoam green? Is that
close? Powder? Different color. One is green, one is light blue. God forbid you would be a
conformist in any way. It's Truman Capote after getting hit by a train. But non-lethally, like
he got bounced off of, bounced into the train yard and put himself back together. Oh, God,
what happened? He's pulled up one of his trouser legs to reveal a pretty crude bandage. You're
wounded, BJ. What the hell happened to you? I fell down. Do you care to elaborate? I was
going really fast. Thanks. Thank you. All right. BJ, everybody. BJ, let's keep it going. Let's
keep it going. What else do we got? New black guy. Do you want to come up? Welcome. New black guy,
everybody. New black guy. Chris? This is Chris, everybody. This guy's black. He's got white
jeans on, lots of holes in the legs. Have you been here before, Chris? I'm sorry? Have you been
here before? No, I have not. Okay. Don't be offended if you're a third black person and you're
somewhere I can't see you and you're like, what am I, chop-liver? I just want to see who the other
black guy was. Oh, Enti. Enti always sits in the front row and he's often been the lightning
rod of my white guilt. Dan, I don't want to send you into a spiral of chaotic mania, but we have a
black woman in the audience tonight. Oh, yeah. It's like doubling down. Yeah, it's crazy. How can I
ever relate to anything that you ever experienced? We'll have you up in a minute. Let's ease into it
with a black gentleman, first of all. Let's also buffer it with like, let's bring up like an Indian
guy in between, I don't know, or just a carpenter, like not so that it's not like a race. Do you have
any mini kanju or any Arapaho in here tonight? No? No, go ahead. All right, so Chris, if there's
anything you want to say or else we can ask you questions, I don't know. I mean, you can ask me
whatever. Okay. Well, what are you? Are you a student? No, I'm an assistant at a production company. It's
not really stupid. No, it's nothing. There's nothing. I mean, we didn't break, you know, it's not that
kind of, you don't have to plug anything. Can you tell us what kind of production that you're
working on? It's a TV show. I don't really like a reality show or sitcom or leverage on TNT. Is that
Timothy Hutton from the dark side? What was the show with the crows or the ravens, the Stephen
King story? Dark side? No, no, no. No, I wasn't mad at you. The dark half, the dark half. That was
Timothy Hutton, right? Yes. Okay. And I emerged victorious. Sorry, Chris. Is Timothy Hutton a
producer on that show? No, he's just like the main talent. Yeah, he swings a big dick. He comes
through the office and he goes, who the fuck threw this away? Well, I mean, I don't really
understand why, but whatever. He was an ordinary people. What do you do in the show? I work for
the COO of the production company. So I don't really like work for the show show. So you're on
payroll with the, with like the studio? Like the little production pod? Yeah. Dean Devlin's
company. Oh, Dean Devlin. He did Independence Day, no one knows who. I had a meeting with Dean
Devlin. We met at Shroud back in our, back in our heyday. We had a meeting with him and Roland
Emmerich. And he said that they were excited about Godzilla because they took this thing that was
cheesy and they turned it into something awesome. Are you an aspiring filmmaker? No, actually,
it was, I kind of just moved out LA on a whim. And I just needed something to do. So I worked at a
production company. Fuck it. I'm moving away soon. Oh, really? You've had enough? Yeah, I mean, I've
been here for like three years. So that Timothy Hutton's really getting under your skin. You've
had enough of that fucking asshole. I just had sex, whatever. Wait, but this is now, now you've
got me curious, because there's people, the young people that come to LA, they're, they're hungry
and they want something. If you're moving away, you're, what, what's the aspiration? Is there
something? I'm moving to Peru to teach English. Are you just, oh, okay, okay. I was about to say,
are you just like a trust fun kid? You're very, you're, okay. So you're, you're, you're, but
you're, you're like a, you're like a, kind of a hippie, like, I've done a drug or two. And you're
just kind of, can I ask how old are you? 25. Yeah, okay. Are you going to go to Peru and do
that? Was it called ayahuasca or ayahuasca? Oh God, yes. Oh, really? Are you really going to do
it? Yeah. Like that's my mission to find a shaman in the Amazon forest, like 200 miles away from
civilization. Get really fucked up and then go teach English. I'd probably be better at it. The
first English phrase they all, all your students learn is, oh, look at my hand. Jaguar is, is, is
asking me for a job interview. Ayahuasca is the thing from, but well, this isn't going to help you
from altered states. The William Hurt movie, you guys are whatever. It's, it's Rob. Rob's coming up
next. You drink, you drink this like it's made out of like herbs and root and they just crush it up
and make a drink out of it. You go to the Amazon of this shaman, like, like puts it down your gullet
and then you freak out. And you barf, you barf for a while, right? You barf and have you done it
before? And just do everything. Have you done it before? No, I know people who have done it. Right.
Like, yeah. So how primary is that? Is that the primary thing you're going down there for? No, not
even a little bit. Like that's not my first goal. That's just a side mission. Do you speak
Spanish well? No, but I speak French and Creole, so it won't be hard to learn it. I'll take your word
for it. What? I say I'm going to do it as I learn it. It's not simple. He's 25. He's a millennial.
They don't, they don't, they don't care. They're socially conscious and they, they, they, they're
comfortable in the world. I don't know. It's a, it's a new thing. They're, they're reacting to
Generation X. They're like, why, why did you, why, why, why, why Weezer? Why? Why not? Why not?
Now, Chris, if it was 1830, what do you think you, what would be a, I mean, let's, I mean, what do
you think you'd be up to? Don't ask black people time travel. Just as a rule. Seriously, don't
like it because we can't go back. Please let that be the title of the episode. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No,
that's great. That's the title of this episode. Don't ask black people time travel. Yeah, yeah,
stands out of here. I mean, there's just too good. All right. Well, all right. Well, let's, let's,
let's, let's, let's, let's, let's end on a high point like Chris. Thank you, Chris. Thank you for
being a sport. All right, let's, let's, let's go to black female. Do you want to come up? What
is your name? Char. Char. Star. Oh, star. Oh, she has a star. She's wearing a star hair. Star.
Star with two Rs. Maybe. No, just, just spelled like the celestial body. That's my, my whole name
Starlene, but I just go by star. Nice. Short for Starlene. That's awesome. Does that star glow in
the dark? What do you have on your head? No, it's just, it's like a Scott Pilgrim thing. Like, I'm
just a big nerd. Sorry. Are you from LA? No, I'm originally from Miami. But I mean, do you live
in LA now? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. North Hollywood. How long have you been here? About two and a half
years. What are your dreams and ambitions? I would like to be a cartoonist and print books and stuff
like that. I just have a webcomic now. So it's, what's it called? Let's plug it. Oh, candy. Candy
comics.com with an eye. Candy with an eye. Candy comics with an eye. Yeah. It's short for candy
apia. All right. So you want to be a cartoonist, you're making it happen for yourself. You're not
a quitter like Chris, you're not going to just fling yourself off into the ice fishing. Go get
hired with a show. That's pretty awesome, though. Like, no, no, he's, he's more activated than us.
Far more noble to go teach. You're like me. You're going to stay here and you're going to, you're
proclaimed to God that you'd rather die of starvation while you do what you do. And then 15
years from now. Pretty much. Yeah. Well, God help you star. Yeah.
How old are you star? 29. 29. He looks like a 22. I moisturize a lot. Just naturally, you know, my
products are just, you're like, she's a great slow. You don't want to look ashy. You have to. You
have to. You get ashy. Yeah. Yeah. I remember that. I know, I know about that culture. I know what
ashy means. I went to predominantly black grade schools and middle schools, Jeff. I was surrounded
by people constantly struggling with ashyness. You're a real hero. Yeah. Boy, I didn't know you'd
been through so much struggle. I dwelt among them, Jeff. I'm sort of like a man called horse. I
was 80s references that don't, I'm already out on a limb of being racist, ironically. And then I,
and then I'm busting out my Tron references. There's no difference between the show and Christmas
with your uncle. It's like, oh, I'm sorry. There's a difference. $10. At least your uncle gives you
socks. Your uncle gives you $10. I'm so sorry, you guys. There's a pair of socks waiting for each of
you by the she-hulk section on your way out. All right, star. Well, let's see. Is there anything
on your mind? You got an open pulpit here. I just like hearing you talk. I don't. Really? I've heard
that before. Like people say, you know what? Because sometimes the show's going bad. I go,
like, ah, this show sucks. And then people go, yeah, but at a certain point, people just like to
listen to you talk. Yeah. Like for whatever reason, all your ramblings end up coming back to some type
of like life affirming point. Yeah. And I just, I don't know, somehow listening to you worry about
everything makes me feel like comforted. Like, okay, I'm not the only one that worries. You know
what I think it is, although I'm the least qualified to say it, I feel like if I were not me, the
thing that would comfort me about listening to me would be like watching me thrash and flail so,
so hard. Like, and actually, like, it's like, well, if there, if there, if things were that bad,
he would have knocked into something by now that would really bum me the fuck out. But really,
it's, I'm so pathetic. I just kind of like, it's like, it's like, if you, if you, if you take acid,
like, I don't know if you're like Chris, if you like, like, you know, like a big drughead. But like,
when I was Chris's age, like, you know, Chris, we're worried about you. You take mushrooms,
you take acid, and there's such a thing as a bad trip, you know, people are scared about a bad
trip. And then there's this idea that worrying about a bad trip can give you a bad trip. So what
happens is this fence goes up, we go like, no, I don't want to talk about it. It's very similar to
any kind of like, like, like, anything. Like, it just always, that's the human mind at work. We
build these fences up, because it's often very healthy of us to sequester ourselves and limit
ourselves. So like, like humans under duress, like you pay, put this on your tongue, and you're
gonna see spots, and you're gonna, the owls might talk to you. Also, you may fucking freak out,
and you think that the earth is opening up and a hand made of logs is dragging you down. But,
but, but just keep eating oranges, and that won't happen. And like, don't talk about it, you're
gonna make it happen, bro, you're gonna make it happen. I try as hard as I can to make it happen,
and it doesn't happen. And I think that's uplifting. Maybe that's my personal theory, as
why people would possibly be willing to tolerate me talking. Because they go, well, if you can't
destroy the earth with your mouth, then maybe it has some sturdiness to it. Maybe things aren't
that bad. Do you agree with that, Star? Yes, I do. Star, ladies and gentlemen. I'm starting to feel,
I think I might be the next Paula Poundstone. We're in Dick Cavett country right now. This is
nice. Who's your friend? Asian guy, come up. Asian guy! What's your name, sir? Jason. Jason,
everybody. Welcome, Jason, to the stage. All right, what's going on? Jason, Jason, what's,
what are Asian people thinking? Why are Asian people second best to you? Oh, yeah, you check
that to heart. Make a comparison. Well, because Asian, to me, in my mind, Asian is half of the
earth. And in fact, the half of the earth that is like teaming with people, so more than half of
the earth. But it just means eastern, because we've gotten so tied up and like, well, I don't want
to be racist by ordering a Korean beer in a Chinese restaurant. So we've started to, you know, and the
most racist thing you could ever do is confuse a Chinese person for a Vietnamese person, etc. So
I'm pretty convinced that white people at one point decided, okay, Asian, let's go. You used to be
Oriental, like, and then we rightfully decided, like, well, that sounds a little awkward and weird.
What is your heritage? Korean. Korean. Anyways, that's the answer. It's like, I don't know,
black's more specific, man. Asian, come on, dime a dozen. I mean, to the point where, you know,
there's some Asian countries that are like, you have to have just one baby. There's too many Asian
people. That's what they're saying. The Asian people are saying it. I didn't say it. Jason,
you're more than welcome here. Just saying, like, I read the news. I don't read the news. I don't
read the news. I get the news about Chinese people from my mother in 1983. Where did you grow up,
Jason? What's that? Where did you grow up here? You know, like, yeah, where'd you go to school? In the
Valley, in North Hollywood, and Burbank. Oh, cool. Yeah. Not that exciting. Nobody's that
exciting. I'm bringing up people because I'm not exciting. Who cares, you know, what's, yeah, who
knows? What are you doing? What are your dreams, aspirations? I am living them already. Can we
ask? Can we pry? Well, I worked in music, so I wanted to do since I was a kid, so I worked out
well enough. What do you do? Are you a musician or do you? No, I work with a lot of musicians and
also work for BMG, do a lot of stuff for them. You're an engineer? Right now I'm doing royalty
stuff. But yeah. You like music that much that just being close to it in that capacity is exciting
for you. Yeah, for money thing, I'm just doing. We're the big companies, but also working with
artists, so I do that on the side. Hmm. Do you feel that Dan Harmon's been fair to the Asians at
Harmontown? Do you feel represented or do you feel there's a lack of Asian representation? I think
there's been favoritism. But to a large extent. But you know, how are Asian people with time
travel questions? I think it depends on the country and the time. Okay, it's it's it's Burma. 1822.
I think. Oh, he's got something. I think Asians are cool with Burma. I don't I haven't read anything
about Asians versus Burmese. Yeah. Yeah, I haven't read any problems. Right. You hear that 1822
Burma? That's a that's a badge you can put on your website. You're gonna get a pass. Your parents
are there. How many generations deep since we know since you're ethnically Asian that at some point
in your lineage, someone came over after a Mayflower thing. That's all I know. How many where
are your parents? America where they born American where your parents moved here. And your parents
are your grandparents. My parents. Okay, so your second generation Korean. That's America. I don't
know how those things work. Yeah. So I think that's what that means second generation because your
parents were immigrants, right? Am I getting this right? I feel like Archie Bunker. He's first
generation America. Oh, oh, first generation Korean American. There you go. So what so his
parents are zero. Yeah, because they're they're Korean. Interesting. This is a great night at
our town. You know, I need to know this stuff. I'm going to start my own town. I need to know
what to say to the Korean people as they join the town. You're zero. Welcome aboard. So this
break. So okay, this is good because I thought like your parents there. So English is a second
language for them. Yeah. So and they are they proof we call them pretty traditional. I mean,
compared to you, Shirley. Yeah. Right. So all right. Your mom and dad's thoughts about black people.
This is because this is what I find fascinating. Like, like, what, what's, you know, like, I'm up
on Mount Olympus, you know, I'm drinking my Diet Coke and watching everybody fight it out. Like,
what's what are the like, but you need to get these glimpses of like, oh, Koreans are the Korean
shop owners, like, like so racist against the black guy, you see it in a movie and you go like,
what's going on? What? Why aren't you guys just burning down the White House? Why aren't you
just mad because you're all poor? And the answer is fucking hegemony. I'm like, like, like, white
people are genius manipulators. So we've taken over the earth. So I want to know what your mom
and dad will like what the weird racist shit they say in the living room about black people. Also,
what are their names? First of all, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. They don't say anything racist. See,
we're just trying to get stuff out based on what happened between Koreans and black people. No,
no, no, no, I'm fine. I'm doing my thing. I'm flailing around and proving that the world's not
that bad. See, see, you just kick every rock over. There's not a scorpion under it. There's
nothing. Nothing's going wrong. Do you ever go to Korea? Have you been there? Yeah. You enjoyed
there? North or south, by the way? That's important. South. Yeah. Okay. Those are good. Good guys. Yeah.
Good guys. Those are the good guys. Yeah. All right. What else? What else? What's going on?
Good. What are we? This is your last chance to ask a first generation Korean something. Don't
waste it then. Breaking bad? What do you think about breaking bad? Breaking bad? Pretty great.
All right. Yeah. See, you're kind of like just like an American person. I am. Yeah, I am more
American, pretty whitewash. Yeah. It's almost like race is an artificial construct. Yeah.
Boring. All right. It's Jason, everybody. Jason. I didn't mean you were boring.
May I make a suggestion? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Keep going with the racial census of Harmontown.
Get a Hispanic up here. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes. That's very important, actually. And I'll tell
you why. Big failing on community. We had Ken Jong, who's Korean, but who apparently ended up
playing a Chinese character. That was always a point of contention. Then Danny Pudi, who was
Indian, was playing a guy who was scripted as Palestinian. That was a point of contention.
But there was basically no Latino people, Latino, Latin people. I thought Starburns was Latino.
This is closer. All right. Who's going to represent the Latin America? Here we go.
What's your name, ma'am? Piper. Piper? Aye, aye, aye. We did have Juliet. I remember when she
was in town, she came up. She's full blown Mexican. She's actually living in Mexico trying to get a
job up here. She's also an animator, too, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Piper, what do you do? I work in
healthcare. Well, I can be specific and say healthcare finance, but that's a little bit more
boring than just healthcare. But it really is so boring. It's fascinating to people who are sick
and tired of hearing about actors and headshots and scripts and stuff. Healthcare is something
you hear. To me, it just bounces off of my head. We're doing political debates right now. We're
talking about HMOs and hedge nuns and the fucking hedge nuns. I don't know what the hell Medicare,
what I don't know what any of that means. I don't expect you to explain it to me. What is your
heritage? Where your ancestors from? I'm Puerto Rican. Puerto Rican? Yeah. Are you going to take
that? I mean, I'm only a half-blood, so. Right. Wait, did you grow up in a bilingual household?
Yes. How'd you do in English classes in school, like writing essays and stuff?
Pretty well. Yeah. I have an ex-girlfriend of mine was an English teacher in Los Angeles,
and there's a phenomenon where very, very bright kids who grew up in bilingual households who
was just where LA is teeming with that. These genius kids, I mean, how many, I don't speak two
languages, but these kids are like, regardless of their IQ, they grow up in these households
where you're bouncing back and forth between Spanish and English, for instance. Apparently,
they suffer in the English grades because they don't actually, they don't get to
buckle down and be Frasier at English. They're more acrobatic, which is a talent unto itself
that should be more valuable than it is, but anyways, I was just curious about that. Well,
I mean, my mother grew up in the States, so it's not like, I just mainly got yelled at in Spanish,
or, you know, like any. Do you speak Spanish? I can read it and write it, but I don't speak it well.
Look, we asked for, let's say, put that down. You're grounded. Clean your room. You're not good
enough. You know, average things that every Hispanic mom says. Is there anyone who feels
they're more Hispanic than? You probably are. You probably are. Oh, no. I see silence. You
win the Thunderdome. You're fine. I thought it'd be interesting if somebody came up and, like,
tried to knock your hat off. All right. What do we ask? What do we ask Piper? What do you think
of my writing? You know, I think you're a genius, which I'm not just saying to kiss your ass.
That's interesting. I find it interesting. I was told not to respond to any text tonight
because I'm with my hero and didn't want to get heckled. Oh, do I bug people about getting texts
and stuff in the audience? No, just because I was sitting up front. Oh, yeah. It's pretty
laissez-faire here. It's not rigorously structured. I didn't want to be rude. Okay, Dan Harmon.
Although Jeff will come down on you pretty hard if you're my girlfriend. As far as I can tell,
that's the only standard that's actually upheld. I mean, the night's not over yet. Are you familiar
with my girlfriend, Erin McGathy? No, you know, I've got to be honest. I really just started
watching Community because I'm in love with Donald Glover. Can I just plug that? Yeah. No, you
can plug that. Yeah. Can I strap that on? Yeah, no, it's good. The kid could use a break. Like,
that's all. Do what you can. Did I spread the word that Donald Glover's out there? He needs your
help, everybody. He's amazing. I think he's, you know, I hate to play favorites and people always
like, but I would always say people would go as your favorite and then I would go. Nobody,
I'm not allowed to say that, but then I would always also, supposedly ironically, I would go.
But Donald's my favorite. But the beauty is, I wasn't being ironic. I mean, he's amazing.
And he works really hard. And he puts out rap albums and all of his raps are about how hard he
works and how women need to get used to the fact that I'm going to keep working really hard.
I'm going to stay up all night. You got a problem with that? I got work to do.
It's funny. And he really means it. And some of his raps get really dark,
like, because he's like, he's actually like literally talking about like working until he
dropped dead. Kind of like, like it's a, it's poetic. It's disgusting. It's beautiful.
Dan, do you think there's a way this might be too high concept? And if it is, we can edit it out
from the podcast. Do you think we can bring Spencer up our dungeon master and bring all
of the people we have of different ethnicities and put them in some sort of D&D Thunderdome
together and maybe settle some, some weird racial Thunderdome?
I think the only person that's not, that would have a problem with that is Spencer,
because you're talking about characters need character sheets. Is that above and beyond
the call of duty? Spencer, come on up. Let's try, let's try it out.
I'm not sure what's on the table here, but I'm just saying it's like
we have Spencer, our dungeon master here. We're going to try to settle some old racial scores
here. You're saying we have all of our ethnic guests. Who feels unrepresented ethnically right
now? Anybody? All right, we're good. Does Adam know that Asperger's is in a race? Or is he going
to come bounding up again? We could make him an honorary race. But yeah, I mean what, they're
going to have to share a microphone. It might be more trouble than it's worth. It's the kind
of idea that makes everyone clap, but then turns out like it doesn't really work. Is there a way
to make that work, Spencer, or no? Well, I mean, I don't know how to teach tons of people how to
play, but if you guys go along with like that, you're just acting in the in the story of what
the hell we're talking about on stage, like it should be kind of okay. I could make a suggestion.
I don't want to put things too much on the rails, but I am a writer by profession and a storyteller.
My suggestion would be that maybe perhaps at some point in the adventure that unfolds, maybe we
would encounter some kind of spiritual situation where there would call for a chorus of spirits
from beyond a multi and that would be like a green chorus. I'm just trying to reverse engineer
from what it's the reality is going to be like eight people standing in front of a microphone
going like this. So what would they be playing? Maybe or maybe a hydra.
A racial hydra. Should we get Steve up here? Yeah, Steve Agee who was here last week.
I know you're you're wondering what you should do, Piper. I wonder too.
Well, well, first of all, let's give Piper her props and we'll let you can have your seat so
that you're a little bit offended. You didn't ask me what my family thinks about black. Well,
I didn't ask everybody. I only asked the Korean guy what his family because I didn't I mean,
I don't know, somehow it felt funnier to do that. Maybe that's a new I discovered a new form of
racism that that I think that's hilarious that Korean people and black people think if they
wouldn't get along. But I didn't I didn't find anything funny about the idea of digging that up
with with with you. That's okay. I was just feeling left out. Well, don't know. It's all because I
am a horrible, weird twisted labyrinth of racism. How do your parents feel about black people? Yeah,
tell us now. I mean, I solely date black guys. So they're pretty used to it by now. But it's
the reason you do it is because obviously they hate black people. No, no, I mean, I think they're
okay with it. Why Donald Glover and I should get married. But your dad didn't sit on the edge of
your bed at night and go, will you do me one favor? If you could do one thing for me, Piper,
please just like really. I mean, something I mean, like when you have a fetish like that,
maybe, well, I don't know. My mom didn't like hate redheads. No, I mean, I don't care. I'm from
Seattle. My parents are very liberal. What do you think it was? So you're saying you're you're
owning a an actual physical fetish. Like if you if you're walking down the street, you see an
attractive African American man, you you you're gonna like your senses are heightened. Like my
spidey senses. Yeah, probably. Yeah. So what do you think that's childhood experience? Do you think
there was some hot guy that like, you know, I don't even know. Yeah, I don't know. Because I don't
know. I have a thing about redheads. And I don't know, you know, like I had a redhead aunt. That's
creepy. Batgirl was a redhead. I used to watch Batman reruns and Batgirl when she would, Yvonne
Craig, when she would become Batgirl, she'd have this beautiful red wig like flowing out from under
her bat mask. And she'd be kicking around under tights. And but then there was also Nicole
McHugh in kindergarten. Like she was this beautiful little redhead. Well, you can't say a kindergarteners
beautiful. I was a kindergartener too. I was I wasn't in a van outside the school. This is hot
kindergarteners. She had everything, man. Could she finger paint? I remember distinctly remember
her as being a redhead. That's got to be as far back as you can possibly go. That was so but I
don't know. The question is, is my circuit board, does it have a predilection? Do I see the red hair
and it's instinctive? Is there something or is it a childhood experience? We go to our graves
wondering about that. I mean, maybe it was the lack of growing up. I mean, I grew up with like two
black kids. Maybe. I mean, I, you know, I don't know. Yeah. It's like being in Harmontown. Yeah,
except for NT is my neighbor. So I get to see him all the time. Sorry, Dan. Any? I mean, I wish.
Hey, what's that? There's more. There's more to this thing.
Oh, yeah, no, you can sit down. Yeah. You know, like that, that spiraled very quickly because I
was like, who's more embarrassed and who like what's what's the backstory? What's going on? I
could now know it's forever rotating. I don't want to embarrass you guys.
Well, because obviously there's some kind of weird platonic. Maybe not. Maybe. No, but I'm saying
like, we don't, maybe the driver's turned off to the Madonna in after this. I don't, I don't know
who feels what and what's going on. But I know, I know a minefield when I see one. Like, and I've
been in them and I've, I've appreciated it if people didn't bother to exacerbate it. Steve,
AG, how do your parents feel about black people? My parents are dead. They were killed by black
people. Why don't you ask me how I feel about black people, Jeff? Because you own everything.
I assume they're fine with them. My parents are all alive, actually.
My parents were too fine with black people. My parents were so fine with black people that
they made me racist. They made me the new definition of racist, which is racially obsessed. I've
talked about this a lot of, a lot. Like, it's my, my, my origin story is my mom had, I was playing
with these two Sesame Street figures. One was Gordon and one was Lewis or maybe Mr. Hooper.
Let's keep it simple. We're playing with a Mr. Hooper character. That's amazing.
He owned a store. And my mom said, what's the, what's the difference between those two guys
that you're playing with? And I was like, I don't know. She's like, really? You don't know? You
don't know anything different about them? I said, well, one guy's got an orange shirt. I said,
I said something like Trivial. And my mom, if she had stopped their fucking bullseye,
great 70s liberal mom, instead, she goes like, that is so good because the difference is one
is black and one is white. And it's so good that you don't know because a lot of people do know
the difference. And it's a big thing in this country. And you're going to learn, but my mom
had a well intended like, like, stuff just made a balloon animal out of my brain. And there was
a mini series about the Holocaust on network TV at some point when I was a kid. And I remember
my mom coming into my bedroom and sitting on the foot of my bed and going, Daniel, wake up. Listen.
It may not happen tomorrow, but it will happen at some point. There is going to be a time when
people start to deny that something called the Holocaust happened. Whoa, what? And you need to
remember that it happened because I might be dead saw a Holocaust deniers. Well, I think they were
around at the time. I think she read a crawl at the end of a fucking movie and took it to the
streets. I don't think she was that imaginative. This is the same woman who said of everyone
loves Raymond. Are these writers under our floorboards? She's pretty impressionable.
That's why I moved to LA because I like, like, how do I get this woman to love me? The answer was
obvious. Like, like, like make the talking box talk.
Still hasn't fucking worked. She's still a bitch. All right. All right. It's holy shit. It's 9 30.
Yeah. Oh, fuck. Spencer, I love race. Spencer, our denture master, bring us up to date. Where are
we in our journey? When we last met, our heroes had newly resolved to end Admiral Darkstar's
blight on the forest. Coming upon the mound of corpses, Sharpian company discovered an unlikely
ally in the form of Morris Goldbright, a cleric. Swiftly, they came upon the dark ziggurat,
thinking quickly quark hit himself in among corpses, infiltrating the dark compound.
With a stolen cloak, Sharpie smuggled his compatriots in through the front door.
After defeating a skeletal abomination, Sharpie, quark, Mulraine and Morris stopped taking a breather
before the climactic encounter upstairs. Spencer, I love you so much. That was really good.
That was really good. We should call it quits. But more important, more important than me loving
you. I want to say because I never get a chance to tell you, everybody, everybody loves you.
Don't don't don't don't don't let that affect you. I love you guys too. You're all really great.
Thanks for the comment that I hear all the time is man, did you hit the fucking jackpot?
Was he a plant? What are you? You asked for a dungeon master and he raised his hand and he
came up and the original idea was that we were going to try out different people every week.
We'd find the best dungeon master, but we found Spencer like everyone else can go.
Is that right? Yeah. Can I tell you guys a weird story about that is like I listened to your podcast
a few times and I was going to come like the week before I came up on stage and I couldn't
and I thought it was a different time. So I was just but when I was listening, I heard you and
you never said it, but I was like, you know, I bet if I went there, I might be able to dungeon
master for Dan Harmon. Like that was literally a thought in my head. It was the stupidest and you
know, you never entertained those thoughts, but then I show up and then he asked and I was like,
Oh shit. Yeah. This one hand shut up and we brought him on stage. Like, have you ever been
a dungeon master? He's like, Yeah, today. I was I was making character sheets this afternoon.
It was amazing. It's the kind of connection that white people have with each other.
Yeah, you don't know what it's like. Star, NT, Chris, Jason, what is your what is your heritage
Spencer? What are your ancestors hail from? I'm Viking cleveland. I didn't guard Cleveland.
I'm told I have some Native American in my blood, but I don't I don't qualify for those
scholarships. So who cares? Not enough. So you're part Native American part where like
German, Polish, what are you? German? I don't know. I'm sorry. Is that a thing? Is that a thing
that white people do where they go like I'm part Native American, not enough to qualify for one
of this? Can we not leave going not just strip all the buffalo and rape the earth to exterminate
them. I was just confined them to and then put casinos where they live and take all that money.
And then not enough to go on fucking scholars. I'm just trying to pay for laughing, but like
it's it's so amazing. We are an amazing race. BJ, BJ everybody, BJ. All right, so Spencer,
let's examine those upstairs. What do we got up there? Can we walk up there? Well, hold up you guys.
Standing at the foot of the staircase ascending upwards into darkness, you decide to take
quick break to catch your breath. You reflect on all you've been through and everything you've
overcome. Ding, you gain a level. It feels good, doesn't it? God damn it.
But now, Spencer, what does that mean? It means you are incrementally stronger
with a sense of empowerment and a slight incremental advantage. You decide to head upstairs.
Wait, a sense of entitlement or empowerment? Empowerment and entitlement. I increased my
sense of entitlement. I should kill so many more dragons than I do. I'm level two. These stairs
don't mean nothing. All right, so I walk up the stairs. You head up the stairs. Do you guys
follow her? Wait for me. Oh, Morris Goldbright. I follow. You head up the stairs for what seems
to be five minutes. Are there a lot of stairs? Are we just taking our time? You don't even know.
You can't even tell. Is it dark? The stairway is dark. Way to go, Morris. Hey. The steps might
be large or something. You approach the second floor. The floor of this room is black flagstone,
clean and shining from the light of several iron candlesticks about four feet high. A large altar
form of bones and silver stands in the middle of the room with a pile of corpses changed to it.
Underneath the corpses, you can see the struggles of an arm and a leg and the terrified shrieks
of a human female. Someone's trapped in there. Underneath, there's trapped underneath what?
A pile of corpses on a silver and bone altar. That's how you guys found me, remember? Yeah,
you're under some corpses. Yeah, as you had hidden there. Yeah, right. This is involuntarily under
some corpses. Can we speak to her? Can you call out for her? I call out to the woman under the
thing. What do you say? I say, uh, Denzel, what gives? Under a bunch of dead bodies. How? I run
over to her aid and remove the dead bodies from her. You remove, the dead body pile is quite heavy.
You might be able to shift it over, but it may be easier to tug her out. I tug her out. You tug
her out. If you know what I mean. She enjoys your tugging. Successfully extricating the damsel
from the pile of corpses. She retches on the floor before straightening herself out and thanking you
properly. Thanks. Fine, sir. I just, I just vomited. I'm not too eloquent. Uh, come on, Sharpie.
You're our leader. What do you got? What's the haps? I was captured by a dark warlord. He sought
to sacrifice me to his dark gods. How'd you end up under those bodies? Well, I was knocked out,
and the next thing I knew, I was under bodies. It smelled dark and terrible. It smelled dark.
It smelled like darkness. What's your name? Karen Broadleaf of the Butts Plains.
Sharpie realizes that these are the very planes that his father owns.
Oh my god. What? Are you a, are you a, are you a, are you a surf from, from, from my family's
domain? Not a surf, am I, but a great warrior in the Buttsalot tribe. I am of the Buttsalot tribe.
Are you the lost one? Yes. That is crazy. You are, you are foretold of in prophecy,
the one who is tossed out by his father shall come to reclaim his father's throne.
If I had known that, I wouldn't have left, but then that would be ironic.
So what brings the four of you here? Fortune and glory. No offense to Jason. Uh, that's an
Indiana Jones reference. Okay, never mind. Wait, was that a short round reference? Yeah, yeah,
yeah. Forget it. It's a, you have to do Rubik's cube of racism. I was trying to keep the racial
theme going. What was your name again? Karen Broadleaf. Karen? Hello, Karen. Hi. How do your
parents feel about black people? Are you speaking of the drow? They hate me and call that.
Okay, can I look around the room? You look around the room and you see a dark figure who's been
eyeing you this whole time waiting for a chance to strike. Is this Admiral Darkstar? You don't know.
I call out, I call out to him. Are you Admiral Darkstar? There he stands holding a black long
sword and wearing full black plate mail. In his fist he has clutched a metal stone. It, it, uh,
it appears to be like your fragment of power that you found at the trove, but this is dark and
emanating vicious pulses of dark energy. Dark. You fools have played right into my hands!
He unleashes a wave of energy. You feel numb. No! Now you're taking will saves according
to the rules to see if you actually are affected by his dark magics. Fuck. Sharpie and
quark manage to shake it off, but Morris is stricken and paralyzed. Help me, help me, help me. I knew
that your star medal had revealed itself, but I didn't think you'd simply deliver it to me.
Deliver it? Telekinesis! You feel a tug at your pocket and you feel the fragment of power leave.
It is flying towards him. I, well, do I, I can't, can I attempt to hang on to it? You attempt to
grasp it from the magical clutches of Admiral Darkstar. But are you fast enough? You were fast
enough. Clutching the stone out of midair, you seem to hulk Darkstar's spell. Oh, Admiral, you're
right about one thing. A delivery's been made. You just forgot to write down the address.
Rea Frost! As he is charging up with anger and energy, you cast a Rea Frost directly into his
face. The Rea Flock Frost whizzes past his head and freezes a wall behind him. Berserker Rage!
You fly into a berserker rage. Would you like to attack now? Yeah, I'm not gonna like wallpaper
the room. Raging like a maniac. You wallpaper the room. I, I, I struggle to stand up.
You pull yourself to the feet. Did someone get the number of that truck that hit me?
I have the power to heal light wounds if I'm not mistaken, right? Does, does he need that? Does,
does Morris need that? He, he does not. Okay, well, fuck it. You, you are raging. I want,
I want to attack him in a berserker rage. Pulling your flaming sword from its sheath,
you activate its powers. It is reeded in flames. You charge at the enemy, Admiral Darkstar. He
blasts a mighty dark beam of energy at you. It flies past you and blows a hole in the one,
but the wall behind you. Wait, how's the wallpaper? I, I, I repair the wallpaper.
Remember, you quickly repair the wallpaper. I, I attack him with my mace, rushing towards
Admiral Darkstar. My heavy mace. You fling your heavy mace into his chest.
You strike him squarely in the chest. He steps back in pain. Suck it. Suck it. He takes eight
damage. Ooh. Is that good? How many does he need? I don't know. You don't know. I will find out.
Reduce person. Before you cast reduce person. He strikes his sword towards Morris Goldbright.
Uh-oh. Oh, fuck. My sword will cut you in two. It, it does not. It, it hits painful, painfully,
but not deadly on your armor. You are fine. Reduce person. Reduce person. He is entitled to
a fortitude save, I believe. What? What? He fails his, his save. He shrinks from six foot two to a
good three foot eight. Nice. Can I do, can I do my berserker rage with my sword right now? You're
already in your berserker rage. I attack. Swing your sword at the shorter target. Let's see if
you can adjust to his new height. Your sword rings true against the foe's arm. He drops his
fist-sized crystal in anguish. No! I don't know who made this guy an admiral. He takes 11 damage.
Oh, I'm sorry. And five fire damage. Yeah. I don't know that means, but it sounds pretty fucking
cool. I pick up his crystal. You pick up the crystal. You feel the dark taint surging through you.
Negative energy. Taint. Yeah. Taint is a word. Look it up. We might have a new title for the
episode. Feel the dark taint. Admiral Doxt, the lord of all that is taint. You feel the power of
many demons surging through you, threatening to throw you off your alignment. Only by focusing on
the power of your gods can you maintain your sanity. I focus on the power of my gods.
Stay neutral. It's the spot that's not right between the good and the evil right on the spot.
It's taint good. What are you talking about? He emanates a dark wave of energy. You feel yourself
knocked back five feet. Oh, shit. Quark, you take a nasty blast of energy to the face.
I was just wallpapering over here. And thus we're not a prepared for the assault.
Six dark damage. That's not a type of damage. It's damage.
Burning hands and word. Holding your hands together and summoning the power of fire.
A thin stream of flames jets out between your hands in a cone shaped pattern.
His armor heats up and becomes bright red.
He takes three fire damage. Level one spells you guys. I hit him again with my heavy mace.
You hold the powers of darkness at bay long enough to summon the strength to swing your mace.
You get a critical hit. You smash him right in the face.
Suck my taint. He takes two damage. Is it his turn or our turn?
He knows. I think it's your turn now. My turn? Yeah. I'm just reading here a post-it note you
gave me. I have high charisma and I'm actually good at convincing people or scaring people.
I convince him to stop being an asshole. Okay. Phrase your arguments.
You Admiral Darkstar. Your reign of terror has gone on. Eons too long.
And I think it would be best that you lay down your admiralty and join us in the quest for
a fortune and glory and so forth. A compelling argument.
You rolled a two. Dazed from the mace strike to the face. Admiral Darkstar fails to hear
your voice over the sound of blood rushing to his head. I wasn't proud of it. I'm sorry, man.
You just roll low sometimes. It's sad. I want to help you out and do cool stuff like that.
That's cool, man. The dice don't lie, man. You fools! Telekinesis!
He summons the fist-size crystal away from Morris. Do you attempt to grab it out of his hand? Hell,
yes. You fail to grab it out of his hand. No! It flies back into his grasp. Son of a bitch.
He grabs it and starts floating in the air. You hear a rumbling as if the ziggurat is beginning
to crumble. Dark lightning bolts shoot out of his body and fingers. Does my mysterious
emerald dagger do anything? It might. I produce my emerald dagger and attack.
Just attack with a dagger? You tell me, Jack. Pulling the emerald dagger from your sack.
You charge head toward you. You attack! The emerald dagger groans with green energy from
the forest soul. You strike. You miss. A glimmering arc of green energy trails the blade as you slice
cleanly above his head. This is not my day. Summon monster! I used to have a list of...
You can summon like a celestial porpoise. Let's see, a celestial monkey dog.
I can create water. You're fucking porpoise in here.
A giant spider or scorpion? Perhaps a centipede?
Celestial porpoise, baby. I would go with the scorpion. A scorpion springs into existence
before you. Akira! The scorpion waits for you to tell it it's bidding. Sting!
Scuttling towards Admiral Darkstar, it raises its sting wickedly. A glittering arc flies through
the air as the blade penetrates, does not penetrate. Darkstar's armor.
I can command targets with one word. Say a word and they'll do it like...
Sleep. I tell them to sleep. Sleep? Okay.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Is he asleep? He's sleeping. Grab the stone. Grab the glowing stone.
The demonic energy swirls through you again. You feel it corrupting you.
Admiral Darkstar lays sleeping. But there's two stones, right?
Yeah, give it to me. I've been able to handle this other one.
Combine the stones together. Touching the stones together, the golden brilliance of
your stone turns the dark purple of the dark corrupted stone to pure and silver for some
reason. Yeah! Nice! You feel the anger of the demon's subside.
Karen Broadleaf takes the opportunity to jump on the unconscious Darkstar and starts wailing on her.
I say we don't kill him. Let's just write in lipstick on the wall,
welcome to the wonderful world of AIDS. Just to fuck with him.
He'll spend the rest of his life wondering what that is.
There's magic to cure that stuff. So where are we at?
He's on the floor. There's a pile of corpses on an altar.
Karen's kicking his ass over there.
She's beating him up, yeah.
The wallpaper's looking pretty good.
It's lovely, right? I say we consult with this episode's exclusive chorus
of multiracial ghosts to determine the fate of Admiral Darkstar who lays powerless before us.
I cast Summon Multiracial Ghost Chorus. The ancestral spirits of the forest fly through
the ziggurat. Their swirling spiritual forms coalesce. Come, tall black drug user, English teacher
of Peru. His name is Chris. Come, Asian guy. Jason. Jason. Come, Puerto Rican possibly lady.
Piper. Come, black girl, a star with a star in the hair.
Enti. I cast Enti. And I summon Adam Goldberg. From the realm of Aspergia.
Your powers combined.
Their fists unite. All right. From left to right, say what your spirits command.
Mercy. Um, I think he could kick him. I forgive him for his hate crimes.
I just, what can I do? You're a spirit. You can haunt things. You can do all sorts of stuff.
Okay, so can I like just send him into space or something? No, that's not a ghost power.
Um, I mean, that's NASA. He's a bad guy. Should we give him mercy or kill him?
Let's just kill him. Let's like burn him or something.
I cut him with a switch blade. The swiftest. Turn him into Chevy Chase.
All right. Well, it seems like it's kind of even Steven. Thank you, oh, multi-ethnic ghosts for
your diverse wisdom. You've heard the voices of the spirits. I think that the way to, to
collate all of that guidance is to strip him of his dark armor, right? And, and, and bend him over
like a, like a, like a, like a, just a rail or something and put a sign on his back that says,
uh, uh, uh, free, free ass.
So he'll be sodomized for all eternity? No, no, I don't know. I was just, I was just, uh,
being 13 years old. I don't know. We should definitely make, he should definitely be naked.
Is there, is there a way to turn him into good? Is there a way to redeem him in some way though
that we can bring out the, the good in him? You are not aware. Like Captain EO. Is there anything?
Is there anything else in this room with us? The room is bare other than the, the candlesticks,
the altar, and the guys. What happened to Karen? Is she gone? She's still beating him up. He might be
dead. Does she, I, as I understand it in the realm of butts, uh, uh, the, the, the, the lower
downs in that realm, uh, are, are often, uh, uh, uh, tutelaged in the art of tattooing.
The butts lower downs are, that's true. Are you going to go dragon tattoo on this guy?
Yeah. Let us, let us put a dragon tattoo on him that says, uh, dickhead. Just put it on his
forehead. Right on the forehead. How will you divest his armor? Uh, uh, just, uh, uh, seductively.
With a lawn? I would, I would. A plumb. What do you mean? How do we, uh, boots first? What,
what do you, you tug on his boot? It seems stuck. Do we need to get the armor off? Well,
you were the ones that were talking about it. I mean, I didn't say do that. Well, let's just do
the forehead. Just do the forehead. Just write dick on the forehead of the, of the, of the helmet.
Oh, he can't, we can't even get his helmet off. Do you haven't tried yet? I removed the helmet.
Pulling the helmet loose, you hear a almighty hiss as the helmet slides off a sludgy pool of
black ooze and smoke emits from the, the, the helmet hole.
Swirling and coalescing into a bipedal, piece deal form about seven feet tall.
It hisses foul demonic curses at you. You're more powerful than I'd expected. No matter.
The dark stars dawn will come and all will fall victim to its light. Plane our gate.
A portal opens up to a demonic plane. You see rows of what look like black ships that he's an admiral
of. He disappears into the gate and it winks out of existence. We had our chance. We had our chance
to kill him. We didn't take it. Only as dark armor remains. Maurice, maybe I wouldn't mind wearing this.
I could probably take it in a little bit. Yeah, I'll, I'll, I'll put on the armor.
You take the armor. Karen thanks you again. Thank you again.
Thank you, Karen. And thank all of us. Everyone. I think, I think we've learned a lot today.
What, what did we learn, Sharpie? Like what? Well, we've learned to, to stay good and be less
evil. Because inevitably it seems to not pay off. I learned that if you get a multi ethnic
ghost chorus, not a lot gets accomplished. It was gimmick driven. You know, you, you,
you made that promise and I was just trying to pay it off.
Let me give you the treasure of our people says Karen. Oh, she gives you a masterwork loot.
50 merciful arrows inside of the magic quiver. Are these sexual positions? I wish.
That's just true. I give her a masterful loot right back. I'd put it into her magic quiver.
I cast Swedish reach around.
A wand of magic missile and a hat of disguises. Whoa. That's a magic hat, fellas.
All right. Well, you don't beat a magic hat. Thank you, Spencer.
Wow. My goodness. The clock says 10 o'clock. Yeah, we really, I don't lie. I wish it did.
I'm really sorry, everybody. Every, you keep coming and I keep punishing you.
I said I had nothing and then I had two hours of everything.
Yeah. All right. Let's just bring in the station. Steve,
age everybody. Welcome. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, Dan. Thank you, Jeff.
Steve, do you want to close it up with your famous standup set?
Jeff, do I? Let me get some music up for you. Steve has the funniest five minute standup set.
Hold up. Hold up. I don't know if we can about
everything about online dating that no.
All right. We're going to do it. We're going to do a scene about I heard a plumber.
Oh, boy. You again. Yeah. I'd like a plumber, please. You got one. That's not going to work
either. Is it? All right. We're running out of ways to close these shows.
We can't just keep bringing Adam Goldberg up. I mean, that's the
Oh, yeah. Well, the problem is we can, but I don't think he's like Beetlejuice.
Except you say his name once. Adam, come on the stage. I want to try something out again.
Let's see what it's like when Adam has nothing. Yeah. That's interesting.
Adam, I want you and Dan and A.G. to kind of like just
kind of give us like a doo-wop. You know, kind of like you want me to do the backbeat and
whatever you like, baby. Fucking follow your heart. All right. That was excellent, by the way.
I'm done jelly. Jelly. I'm not peanut butter at all. I'm very jelly. Thank you. All right.
Talk show doo-wop to close up the show. Talk show doo-wop. I'm trying to please Jeff's
innocuous request to turn this into who's lying again. All right. What's the hottest button,
hottest button topical topic that hasn't, what's that race? Well, we kind of trounced that.
The debate doo-wop. But that's not really hot button. That's kind of like cupcakes.
Like you're supposed to be talking about that. Cupcake doo-wop. Cup, cup. All right.
I'm just going to backbeat this. This is about you two guys. It's about gray. I'm wearing red.
I go back to the chorus.
I do what I do, gotta have you, girlie, please. You give me frosting on top of my cake, girl.
You got a pink color, but you're brown down there. I got a multi-racial cupcake in my oven
for you tonight. You bake me at 350, girl. You make me toasty and warm.
I'm all confused about race, girl. Teach me. Make me part of your ant swarm.
Thank you everybody for coming to Harmontown. Thank you. Oh, we fucking did it. Sometimes the
closer is a lack of closer. I think you'd all agree. That's what's best. 10-05.
One more time. Adam Goldberg. We're guessing. Adam, shut the fuck up. Steve Aze, everybody.
Shows over. All our very brave volunteers. Chris and Piper and Star and Jason. Piper.
We're missing anybody. Also, Katie Levine, Zac McKeever, Emily Gordon, Daniel Cramer,
Dustin Marshall, Mo Fathelbab, Jenny Fine, and Shahruz Shaukat, all of our beautiful people
that help us out of Harmontown. One more time for your mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harlan.
It's time to do. It's time to do. Now you can go. It's time to do. Sorry it was long.
It's 10-06. Thank you everybody for coming. We love you so much.
Very fast to take chances.